But the staff was so horrible to us .
staff 
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
food 
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
food kitchen menu 
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
food perks 
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken  ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats )  .
orrechiete with sausage and chicken waiters meats dish 
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
Bagels 
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
food 
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients  ( ie cheese in an omelet )  , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
toast mayonnaise bacon cheese ingredients plate omelet 
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
drinks check 
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
design atmosphere 
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
cuisine 
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
pizza thin crusted pizza 
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
interior decoration chefs 
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
seats 
I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .
seltzer with lime 
Do n't go alone -- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
pickles selection of meats and seafoods 
My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
dishes eat family style 
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
vibe owner service 
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
delivery 
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
food atmosphere service 
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
food prices 
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
interior decor prices 
Two words : Free wine .
wine 
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
price service 
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
quantity 
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
sushi sushi bar 
The fried rice is amazing here .
fried rice 
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
mussels puff pastry goat cheese salad with a delicious dressing hanger steak au poivre courses 
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
indian food 
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
service place 
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
broth with noodles 
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
meal money 
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
food 
The wine list is excellent .
wine list 
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had  ( except for my mom 's of course )  .
Thai food 
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
glass of wine 
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
specials 
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
lunch dinner dine 
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
atmosphere service desert 
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
bar table dinner 
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
service food atmosphere environment 
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
lasagnette appetizer 
I liked the beer selection !
beer selection 
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
food menu service setting 
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
dinner dining 
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
Dosa 
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
Wine list selection wine-by-the-glass 
With the great variety on the menu  , I eat here often and never get bored  .
menu 
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
menu entrees 
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
menu dishes 
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
sake martini 
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
bagels spreads 
The service varys from day to day sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
service 
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
table 
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
food 
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
meal 
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
ingredients chopsticks 
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
garden terrace 
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
pizza 
The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiwanese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei .
cuisine 
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
atmosphere 
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
service crowded 
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
dish 
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
atmosphere service food 
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
grilled branzino 
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
wait staff food 
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
vibe French food packed 
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
pizza place 
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
pre-theater menu 
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
delivery order 
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
server meal 
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
scents 
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
lobster sandwich 
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
check 
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
Spider Roll price shell crab 
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
Deep Fried Skewers 
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
reservations hostess 
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee  ( rice porridge )  .
rice dishes congee (rice porridge) 
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
tuna tartar appetizer 
An oasis of refinement :  Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion  ( and kitchen 's precise execution )  is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
Food chef fish dishes soups kitchen cuisine 
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
wine french fare cheese 
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
Indian food 
Some baby pizzas get their wish .
baby pizzas 
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
waiting 
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
lava cake dessert 
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
baby pizzas 
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
service food managers 
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
food food 
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
table 
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
selection of wines 
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
Italian decor 
Not impressed with the food .
food 
The entire dining experience was wonderful !
dining experience 
The wine selection  ( by the glass and bottle )  is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
wine selection reservation 
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
Service maitre reservation 
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
panang duck 
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
Food raw vegatables 
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
service 
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
Indian prices 
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
Ambiance 
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
BBQ Salmon Sea Bass Crispy Duck 
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
ingredients ingredients pizza crust 
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
kababs Dal Bukhara 
I look forward to eating here again
eating 
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
taste 
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
meal price 
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
glass of prosecco mussels glass of Leaping Lizard 
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
Food creme brulee sugar 
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
food served 
The pizza here is delicious .
pizza 
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
Pizza delivery garlic knots 
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
chinese food 
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
service 
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant , the food .
food 
Hats off to the chef .
chef 
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things  ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one )  in the restaurant experience .
Service teapot 
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
pizza fresh mozzarella cheese 
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
place food 
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
service getting a table 
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
atmosphere bistro-type vibe 
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables )  and got our order wrong .
waitress tables 
The food was bland oily .
food 
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
prices food 
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
fish variety of fish 
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
pesto pizza house salad bottle of wine meal 
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
bartender beverage manager 
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
Ambiance music 
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
food drinks service 
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
food refleshment 
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
ambiance service foods tastes sommlier captain back waiters 
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
waitress 
Try the tandoori salmon !
tandoori salmon 
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
atmosphere 
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
space service 
I love the atmorphere @ peep !
atmorphere 
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
service menu items 
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
three course meal 
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
Pizza 
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
environment food service 
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
crawfish boiled 
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
reservation 
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
table 
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
Pad Thai noodles 
So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .
delivered 
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
values for your money 
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
lunch 
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
hostess 
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
food wait building 
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess  ( stacks of bottles , cans )  and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
corridor space counters counter entrees 
The food is great .
food 
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ' doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
steaks salads sides 
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
Lunch pickels and slaw 
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
wine prices 
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
delivered 
even the wine by the glass was good .
wine by the glass 
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
price 
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
dish 
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
Change Mojito 
Okay service .
service 
The only thing more wonderful than the food  ( which is exceptional )  is the service .
food service 
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
food 
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
soup for the udon soy sauce water 
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
anti-pasta calamari filling pasta mains 
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
waitress food glasses of wine 
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says I love you .
food counter 
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix  ( special )  , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
sushi ceviche mix (special) crab dumplings assorted sashimi sushi rolls sake banana tempura 
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
plain pizza garlic eggplant 
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
servers servers 
Good luck getting a table .
getting a table 
The service is awful .
service 
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
takeout menu menu italian dishes 
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
Thai food 
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .
hostess 
The pizza is good though .
pizza 
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
bottles of wine 
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
beers food pumkin tortelini dish 
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
dinner special 
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
crabmeat lasagna chocolate bread pudding dessert 
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
pasta dishes tiramisu 
Very good service and very good prices .
service prices 
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
lunch 
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
service staff menu meal 
Ess-A-Bagel  ( either by Sty-town or midtown )  is by far the best bagel in NY .
bagel 
Our food was great too !
food 
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
servers 
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
food plate of dumplings 
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
Filet Mignon 
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
sangria bar bar bartender 
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
sake menu 
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
drinks 
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
beef cubes 
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
service wine selection ambiance 
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
reservations service 
It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
service waiters 
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
food dessert portions 
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
traffic noise 
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
food 
I highly recommend Cafe St . Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
food ambience service 
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
dinner meeting 
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
atmosphere 
The food here does a great service to the name  ( Cantonese that is . . . )  .
food Cantonese 
But , nothing stands out about the cooking .
cooking 
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
food atmosphere 
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough  ( both in quantity AND quality )  .
Prix Fixe menu quantity quality 
I 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
lunch 
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
eggs benedict hollondaise sauce brunch 
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
oatmeal 
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
food 
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
menu Chilean Sea Bass server specials 
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
food onion soup 
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp  ( including wine )  , a solid deal as well .
wine 
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
staff 
Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
Dim Sum dinner 
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
roll roll roll rice 
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
gin and tonic tonic 
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should  ( also note lack of Chinese here )  .
dim sum little dishes 
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
service 
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
Thai 
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
reservation 
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree 
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
roast duck pork chicken on rice with ginger 
You order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
menu 
Staff is very accomodating .
Staff 
I went to Del Frisco 's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8 :00 reservation .
reservation 
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
dinner 
Very popular style Izakaya  ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes  )  .
Sake dishes portion 
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
food service 
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
roti rolls 
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
ingredients 
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
meal food tip 
Quick and friendly service .
service 
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
meat 
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
hot dogs 
Delivery is fast too .
Delivery 
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
noise level 
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
Personal pans 
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
Spicy Fried Clam Rolls Spider Rolls 
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
menu 
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
atmosphere 
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
place 
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
FOOD 
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
lunch 
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised  ( and underdeserving )  baluchi 's .
food quality 
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving  ( mean while there were boths open all around )  .
man table table 
Try the cheesecake !
cheesecake 
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
food employees containers for condiments containers manager 
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
Indian food service 
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
Decor food wine list food 
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
salmon dish flavor price 
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
tuna melt cheese tuna sandwich 
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
chicken tikka naan dals 
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
waiters bill 
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
lawns 
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
staff 
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
sangria 
Do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
thai food 
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
food service 
I had the best ravioli ever .
ravioli 
While the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything I 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .
menu 
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
service 
The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
bill lunch drinks 
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
sushi 
The food is great , service is ok .
food service 
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
price tag 
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
Thai food appetizers 
The service was attentive .
service 
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
mozzarella pie 
Fish was overdone .
Fish 
When you 're sitting in their main dining room  ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling )  you'd never know there was a world outside .
main dining room ceiling 
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
menu selections service 
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
music 
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
establishment 
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
dim sum 
Good food .
food 
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
wait staff 
The dim sum however was very good .
dim sum 
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
Service 
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
seafood dishes appetizers 
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
lunch 
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
dinner 
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
bottle of wine grapes 
Prices are very good .
Prices 
We could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
waiter 
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
thai food 
Usually 3 vs . 4 items per dish .
dish 
While certain staples are excellent  ( the burger , some of the pastas )  , the food is not really the point .
burger pastas food staples 
The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
Dim Sum 
The food was so-so .
food 
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
waitress 
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
seating bar place 
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
dinner 
Food-awesome .
Food 
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
music food service prices 
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
wait 
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
lobster sandwich price 
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
owner 
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
sides 
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
seafood menu Salmon 
Not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
place 
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
beverages dessert 
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
hostess waitress 
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
Asian appetizers drinks 
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
wait 
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
view 
If you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
meal 
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
dinner ambiance food 
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
service prices atmosphere 
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
sushi service value 
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
service served 
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
service attitude 
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
food striped bass 
The music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as I did , I got a whiff of corriander .
music corriander 
black white shakes came out good also .
black white shakes 
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
meal 
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
dinner 
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
seating 
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
chu chu curry pad thai chicken 
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
food prix fixe 
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
pastrami soups 
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
bagels 
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
sushi 
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
bagel with lox spread bagles 
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
food quality of food 
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
lobby area seated 
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
pizza proprietor 
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
lunch meetings 
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
decor prices food's presentation 
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
Waitstaff swordfish meal 
The setting is casual and romantic .
setting 
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
management 
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
service seating Delivery sushi 
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
desserts 
The Italian food has flavor  ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES )  , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive ,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner . . .
Italian food service 
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
food salmon dish 
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
rolls 
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
food decor prices 
Emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
owner 
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner .
lunch dinner 
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
Moules lobster ravioli 
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
dosa eat 
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
atmosphere waiters 
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
seafood wine list menu 
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
wine indian wine list wines 
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high  ( ask for extra rye bread )  .
Pastrami or corned beef rye bread 
 ( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks )  .
glasses of champagne bottle of wine after dinner drinks 
Really though , where 's the seasoning?
seasoning 
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
food food 
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
waitress food 
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
ambience service 
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
wine list staff owners menu 
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
people 
We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
menu main dishes waiter specials 
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
location ambience food 
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
stuff eats 
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
dinner 
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
gourmet food 
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's . . . . .
bruschetta panini 
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
dishes menu 
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
service 
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
waitress fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd 
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer . . . .
food prices 
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
food 
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
sushi 
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
portions servers starter 
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
bagels 
All the food was hot tasty .
food 
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
pizza take-out pizza 
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
server 
Try green curry with vegetables .
green curry with vegetables 
First of all , this place is *not* romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
place 
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
door 
Much more reasonably priced too !
priced 
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
food portioins 
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it?
reservation 
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
Pad Thai 
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
lunch specials 
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
place pizzas 
The food is o .k . , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
food 
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
pot-stickers tempura dish 
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
stuff 
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
food atmosphere entree range 
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
French food 
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
deliveries food 
The staff is no nonsense .
staff 
And really large portions .
portions 
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
staff 
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
smoked salmon and roe appetizer 
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
lunch food 
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra  ( bindi )  , and anything with lamb .
garlic shrimp lamb okra (bindi) 
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
waiter 
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
menu burger steak escargot 
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
plate 
The food is great and authentic .
food 
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
casual dinner 
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
food price wine list 
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
Prices chicken tikka marsala 
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
styles of pizza 
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .
look 
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
food portions 
But the coconut rice was good .
coconut rice 
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
appetizer 
The food was great .
food 
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
food beers on tap wine list priced 
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
music bottle minimun 
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
food 
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
spot 
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
staff meal 
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
table 
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
Quality of food price pork fish chicken lamb vegetables 
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
seating place 
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price  ( if bought by the pound )  .
appetizing price 
But , they were too big for the bun .
bun 
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
food priced 
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
fusion of French and Indian cooking 
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
turnip cake roast pork buns egg custards 
The bagels are fabulous .
bagels 
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
seating in the garden seats 
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
service place water 
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
food place 
The food options rule .
food options 
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
cost 
We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
pre-theatre 3-course dinner wine flight 
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner  ( too close to downtown )  .
lunch dinner 
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
calzones 
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something  ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
drink 
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
place bar scene 
Saturday , Nov . 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
staff 
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
spreads beverage selections bagels 
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
waiter specials served 
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
tiramisu meal 
Check out the secret back room .
secret back room 
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar . . .
bar 
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
food service 
Stick to the gulab jamun .
gulab jamun 
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
prices atmosphere service wine list 
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
diner wait staff table 
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
meal room 
We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
dinner 
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar desserts with frog jelly 
The food is great and reasonably priced .
food priced 
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
thai cuisine 
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
crew host 
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
round tables Taiwanese 
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
portion french fries 
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
dinner 
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
food dishes specials regular menu-fare 
Prices are in line .
Prices 
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
fresh tomato sauce fresh mozz cheese basil dough pizza flour 
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
food 
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
Indian food Paneer Roll 
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
food plates 
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
fresh mozzerella slices Plain Cheese slice 
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
food 
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .
food 
It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St . , so there 's more turnover with the food than you'd expect  ( i .e . , surprisingly fresh )  .
food 
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
Filet Mignon with garlic mash 
I went at 6 :00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu  ( $ 19 .95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee )  and it was marvelous .
pre-theater menu roasted tomato soup with chevre steak frites creme brulee 
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
waitstaff 
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
bread pizza margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top salad Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula 
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
prices 
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
bruschettas paninis tramezzinis 
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
waiters diners 
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
chef dishes cuisine Indian 
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
owner 
He takes real pride in his food and his business .
food 
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
meal pre-theater prix-fixe 
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
food wine dining 
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
menu fried chicken pork chop noodle dishes 
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
Indian food 
Great romantic place for a date  ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! )  .
privacy corner booth table place 
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
manager open faced cheese sandwich 
very good breads as well .
breads 
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
naan 
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
squid half-price Saturday night option 
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Pizza homemade pasta 
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
value ofr money 
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
soup mushrooms 
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
Service 
There are other people waiting !
waiting 
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
beginning appetizers scallops chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet taste 
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Japanese Tapas 
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
fish rice seaweed 
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream  ( the best and freshest I 've ever had )  .
dishes lamb sausages sardines with biscuits large whole shrimp pistachio ice cream 
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
food price 
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
ambiance atmosphere food service 
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
server food drinks served 
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
food 
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me  , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great  , the thai food is excellent too  .
sushi thai food 
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .
Chef 
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
service table 
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
garlic fresh tomatoes sauce on the pizza 
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
outdoor seating 
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
mesclun salmon ice cream courses 
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8 :00 pm curtain call .
wait 
The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
food place 
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz  ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
staff bistro fare chilaquiles jazz brunch live jazz 
The prices were fantastic .
prices 
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house . . .
bill measures of liquers 
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
table service service 
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
thai food 
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection  ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience )  .
Food pork belly fat 
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
food 
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
tables dinner place 
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
pizza 
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
bar 
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
Service 
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that ,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
lamb chop salads lemon extra virgnin olive oil 
The sushi was awful !
sushi 
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
meal cost dishes 
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
Pastrami sandwich beer pickles 
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-Fornini )  pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle (  again making it soggy )  and nothingon the rest .
plain pizza truffle oil wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza 
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
omelletes 
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
tip 
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
lunch dinner 
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
counter 
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
fish service Sushi fix 
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
waitress 
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
reservation sigh table 
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
food 
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .
place 
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
menu food art 
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
outdoor atmosphere 
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
toppings 
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
pizza 
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
service food price 
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
Thai food 
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
bagels 
Oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
bills 
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
scallion pancakes fried dumplings 
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious ! ! !
appetizers salads steak pasta 
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served  ( and that order was undercooked )  , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
table served dishes table served bill 
Service is top notch .
Service 
The food now is inconsistent .
food 
You can also special order any kind of dumpling ,etc .
dumpling 
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
fondue appetizer 
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
spice 
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
Octopus salad 
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
foods MSG cooking 
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
Tom Kha soup 
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Bombay beer 
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
decor dining hall semi-private boths 
Service was quick .
Service 
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
service 
Went there for an office lunch .
office lunch 
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
sweet lassi lamb chettinad garlic naan rasamalai 
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
bistro fare chef food 
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
lambchops 
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
spicy tuna salmon 
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
seafood prices 
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
food prices 
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
owners hosts 
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
quality value 
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
Meat dishes vegetarian-friendly choices 
Reasonable prices .
prices 
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
amuse bouche dessert tables service 
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
crunchy tuna 
It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .
food 
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
sushi 
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
live entertainment special effects 
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's  ( east side )  .
sushi sushi 
No refills on fountain drinks , though .
fountain drinks 
Wow over 100 beers to choose from .
beers 
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE .
portions 
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Steak Tartare 
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
Crab Croquette apt 
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
waiter 
Did I mention the wine?
wine 
Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
house wine 
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
bread 
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to .
dim sum servings 
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
management door glass front 
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
meal 
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
Barbecued codfish seasoning texture spice rub herb mix sauce 
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
dance floor dinner 
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
value food 
Has the chef and owner changed???
chef owner 
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
dinner 
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite  ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place )  as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
bacon platter in sandwiches frying bacos 
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
Bagels 
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Pizza crust pizza toppings bread 
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
spot 
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
menu American Chinese food 
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent  ( huge portion )  and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
Service beef carpaachio pasta portion 
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
kalbi nebbiolo 
Best Italian food I ever had  ( and being Italian , that means alot )  .
Italian food 
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food .
Italian food 
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
Located 
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
meal room clubhouse 
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
trays of Dim Sum 
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen  ( specifically the blond lady )  .
bar bartenders 
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
dessert waitress bill 
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
cheff food 
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
cheese 
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
meal server wine wine price range priced 
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
svc 
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
food dishes drinks 
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
whole grilled fish 
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
tuna tartare sake mushroom ravioli pinot noir chocolate sampler dessert wine 
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
lunch 
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
food service 
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
lines crowds 
Pizza here is consistently good .
Pizza 
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
shows food characters 
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away  ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink )  , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
waiter beers manager reservations 
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
dinner 
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
Sauce food flavor 
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
Sangria 
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine .
indian cuisine 
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
pasta dish served 
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course . . .
bread appetizer glass of wine main course 
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
neighborhood food 
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
Thai food 
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
waiter 
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
hosting staff reservations reservation seating 
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
food dishes 
They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
specials ingredients thai 
Other apetizers and food
apetizers food 
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
noodle and rices dishes 
The food 's as good as ever .
food 
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
crust staff ingredients 
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
bagel 
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
food vegetables sauce 
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
fried clams 
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
sauces 
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
lunch menu appetizer entree 
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
rice quality cooked 
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
champagne caviar 
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
shrimp scampi antipasti 
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
dessert waiter 
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
dim sum combo 
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
seating food wait 
If it 's just a quick martini at the bar  ( which I recommend Jeffery 's )  or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
martini bar Roast Chicken 
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
table insde table wait 
The prices are wonderfully low .
prices 
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
chicken vindaloo spicy food 
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
lunch specials 
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
bar food menu hand-crafted beers 
No free drink .
drink 
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
food service 
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
capex bagels 
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
chefs 
Do n't waste money on decor .
decor 
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?
back garden outdoor seating 
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
nigiri 
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
architecture place 
I'd call it an 'italian dinner' .
dinner 
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
drinks place 
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
food 
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
eggplant 
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
food 
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
food quality of food priced 
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
mushroom pizza 
I had the cod with paella  ( spicy and very filling , I'm a big eater and could only eat half )  while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips  ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries )  .
cod with paella fish and chips serving fish fries 
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
place service 
You should pass on the calamari .
calamari 
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
porcini mushroom pasta special seafood tagliatelle 
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
spicy wontons salt pepper shrimps 
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE .
FOOD PORTIONS 
The fries are yummy .
fries 
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
staff bar service 
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
Taiwanese food 
This place is a great stop for great food .
food 
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
pastas homemade lasagna 
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
dessert menu tip 
And the prices were way to high for what you get .
prices 
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
staff 
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
service 
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
music in-house lady DJ 
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14 .00 !
rolls 
Great wine list , reasonably priced .--Sara
wine list priced 
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
hot dogs buns 
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap  ( though not extremely expensive either )  .
food 
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
Beef noodle soup 
Delivery service is great too .
Delivery service 
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
food Thai cuisine flavors 
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
service 
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .
pizza 
The place was quiet and delightful .
place 
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
food food herbs tomatoes 
As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .
food 
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
shredded cheese 
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
prices ambience 
The soup is pretty good too .
soup 
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .
reservation 
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
root vegetables mushroom consomme chef 
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT ! !
served 
not the food  ,not the ambiance  , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait  , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out  .
food ambiance service wait staff 
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
Shabu-Shabu dinner beef 
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
pizza cheese 
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
food 
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
comfort decor wait staff meals pho vegtables 
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
service ambiance food presentaion taste choice quality quantity 
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
bar scene 
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
people pizza 
The food is amazing ! ! ! !
food 
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
food oil 
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
portions sauces service 
For the price , you cannot eat this well in Manhattan .
price 
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
owner pizza 
The atmosphere is great ! ! !
atmosphere 
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
food wait-staff service management diner 
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
sea urchin 
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
service food 
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens  ( not iceberg )  all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
bruscetta salads dishes mix of greens iceberg served 
The atmosphere is n't the greatest  , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down  .
atmosphere prices 
The pickles were great addition .
pickles 
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
General Tao chicken Chinese food 
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
shrimp appetizers 
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
cuisine service 
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience .The food sublime for the most part .
food 
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
Waiters food portions drinks entree 
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy ,s food is expensive but it 's new york !
food 
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
cold appetizer dishes 
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
bar 
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
wines service decor 
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
reservation drink bar 
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
parmesean porcini souffle lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar 
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine .
food 'gourmet' Indian cuisine 
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub' .
bar pub 
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
corned beef sandwich 
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .
pizza 
Priced at upper intermediate range .
Priced 
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
fish 
If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
food amount 
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
olive cream cheese lox spread bagel 
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
service server table 
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
music 
The rice to fish ration was also good--they did n't try to overpack the rice .
rice to fish ration rice 
They used shredded cheese on top !
shredded cheese 
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
food selecion of wines prices 
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
wait staff 
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
Godmother pizza 
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
dishes 
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine ! ! !
thai cuisine 
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
prices location 
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
food prices 
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like  ( aND look like )  .
food 
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
crab cocktail lime juice concoction lime 
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .
menu items 
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
food wine service 
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
dessert 
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
dinner 
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
corned beef 
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
Chicken pad tai 
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten .
sushi 
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
fish service ambiance location 
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
outdoor seating 
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
wine ambience wine 
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
sake 
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
dumplings 
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
crowd 
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
turkey burger salmon 
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
service 
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
Decor 
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
drinks 
Great food , great prices , great service .
food prices service 
This is n't your corner Chinese food takeout .
Chinese food 
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
Pizza Margheritta 
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
place Thai food 
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
menu 
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
table 
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel )  to get a good taste comparison .
eel 
We started with lox and mussels  ( the best ive ever had , ever )  and had the cod and trout for dinner .
lox mussels cod trout dinner 
The crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
crispy chicken 
Food is great .
Food 
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
meatballs caprese salad beans on toast meal 
This place is incredibly tiny .
place 
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
atmosphere 
In reality  ( to maximize potential diners )  they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
diners reservations tables lobby waiting 
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
wine tapas pita bread 
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
waitresses price service menu food 
I 've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .
Dim Sum 
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
variety delivery 
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
service food 
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
service seat 
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
Dinner 
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
people 
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
sandwiches 
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
Price 
The fried rice is really good too .
fried rice 
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
staff manager menu selections 
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
dining experience 
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer . . .
serves 
I was with a party of 7  ( close but not next the the front doors )  and we were eating with our coats on .
front doors 
A very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
service 
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
back garden sitting area personal herb garden 
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
pastrami sandwiches Mexican food 
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
drinks wine selection priced 
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
house salad 
The ceiling is amazing !
ceiling 
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
check table glass of water 
Not a small feat for good french food in the area .
french food 
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on  jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
live music space jazz nights 
Food was average but tasty .
Food 
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
establishment 
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
entree dessert 
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
staff 
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
food lemon salad pepper 
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
Pad thai lad nar dishes places thai food 
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
food price front door 
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source  ( special menu )  .
Guizhou chicken fish with hot bean source fish fillet in spicy source special menu 
Overall , I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
prices 
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
open kitchen 
Pizza was a little soggy .
Pizza 
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
food bhelpuri sevpuri samosa chaats indian appetizers bombay style chaat 
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
Singapore Mai Fun curry flavor 
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
manager 
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
wine list 
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
food 
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
dinner location 
Definite go if you 're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad .
Indian restaurant food 
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
AT MOSHPHERE 
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
pizza 
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
Thai food service 
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
waiter water 
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
food 
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
bill 
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
reservations tips stuff 
Try the sea bass .
sea bass 
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
sushi sushi places quality 
Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
Sushi price 
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
management meal round of drinks 
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
toaster 
So , for good food i'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
food 
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
taste menu choices flavor 
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
Dosa 
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split  ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person )  for two people .
portions appetizer entree 
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
appetizers main courses 
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
dessert 
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
exotic food 
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
staff table 
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds ! !
mediterranean salad 
People are always friendly .
People 
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee ! !
cream cheeses coffee 
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
entrees sides drinks 
Service was prompt and courteous .
Service 
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap  ( undercooked )  beef .
beef version beef 
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
decor 
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
thai 
Got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .
club soda, filled with ice, no lime 
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
wine beer house varities served 
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
owners cost 
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy !
pudding dessert 
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
vegetable samosa malai tikka wrap 
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
chef waitress 
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
drinks 
Decent wine selection too .
wine selection 
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
bar waiting table 
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
meal 
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta  ( raddichio was kind of bitter though )  .
goat cheese panchetta raddichio 
Disappointing food , lousy service .
food service 
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
food service 
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
kinds of beer drink 
Over price , and small portions  .
price portions 
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
bartender champagne turnip soup with pureed basil 
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
food service 
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23 .95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
dish Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp dish cost 
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
atmosphere music 
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
portions portion main course 
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .
thai 
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
brunch nightcap 
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
food suggestions server sommelier fromager wine cheese 
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
back garden reservation 
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
Japanese food 
While the food was good  ( certainly no Il Mulino )  the service was horrendous .
food service 
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Service price category 
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
entertainment 
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
reservations 
Great pizza for lunch place .
pizza 
The food was very expensive  ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two )  but extremely tasty .
food lunch 
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
seved 
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
signs specials menus food waitstaff 
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
scallop roll sesame chicken 
I'm no food critic , but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .
food 
I noted it was crossed off on the bill .
bill 
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
nori-wrapped tuna dish 
The food was absolutely amazing ! !
food 
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
servers food 
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
fast food food 
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
seafood 
The staff is also attentive and friendly .
staff 
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
all you can eat deal 
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
dish taste dishes 
They were such a rip-off  ( $ 8 .95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns )  and not worth trying .
meat patties in steamed buns 
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
pizzas price 
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
FOOD Ambiance 
The food was good too .
food 
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
waiter 
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
dining room music 
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate  ( and thank goodness , in my opinion )  but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
sushi fish 
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
menu variety of dishes seafood 
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
white bean brushetta pasta 
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
menu eats 
The menu is nothing like the one on the website .
menu 
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
food lay out service 
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
cart attendant lotus leaf wrapped rice rice 
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
seated 
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
wait staff 
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .
waitstaff service 
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
food feel taste 
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
price food service 
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
flavors menu 
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
food service ambience 
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
interior place 
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
food 
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
sashimi plate 
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
atmosphere 
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
waitress servants 
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
food service 
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
food noise 
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
chicken dish manager dish 
The food was spicy and delicious .
food 
Went for a late weekday lunch .
lunch 
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
Bartender bar 
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
food 
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
prix fixe lunch buffet 
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it does n't really matter .
place 
This was my frist time at Cafe St . Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
food service 
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
drinks appetizers 
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
hot bagel 
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it  ( the sauce was translucent and red )  .
chicken oil pepper powder sauce 
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
waiter drinks 
We actually gave 10% tip  ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service )  , because we felt totally ripped off .
food service tip 
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
glass of Sangria 
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
table by the window 
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service  ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service )  and lack of remorse .
food service waiter service 
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
service 
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
menu 
The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
food food 
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
jalapeno 
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
pad see ew dishes 
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
back patio music 
The location is perfect .
location 
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer filet frites filet 
The lunch special is an asbolute steal .
lunch special 
This food is asian-air fusion .
food 
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
food price 
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
The chicken pot pie cheeseburger service 
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
food ambience 
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience .
employees 
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
dinner brunch 
Not worth the prices .
prices 
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
staff 
Service was good and food is wonderful .
Service food 
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
service 
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
meal 
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
spicy ethnic foods 
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
dinner snacking 
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
quality of food live jazz 
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
food 
 ( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer ! ! !
SEASONAL beer bartender 
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq . . .
ambiance 
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food?
food 
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
sandwiches 
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
Service food 
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
atmosphere 
Every course was better than the next .
course 
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
staff 
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
service 
Apparently , the good cook works then .
cook 
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
Yellowtail 
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
clams oreganta salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil 
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
menu portions lentil dish basmati rice dish flavor 
Spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
menu 
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
cigar bar staff 
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
ambient 
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
sushi 
I have never had cheescake like this .
cheescake 
Bill a little high , but worth it .
Bill 
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
delivery 
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
entertaining 
Why do people rave about the ambience .
ambience 
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished .
drink 
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
Fluke sashimi jalapeno-lime olive oil fruit of the oil fish 
Great sushi experience .
sushi 
If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
meal price 
They charge $ 6 .00 for rice .
rice 
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
steak au poivre 
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
staff ambiance owner 
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
congee bread donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh 
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
candle-light food-quality service tables 
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive  ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour )  .
food waiter 
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
caviar waitstaff 
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
food ethnic food 
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
place 
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
food money place 
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
Ambience service 
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too  ( thank God , it was hot ! )  .
Service AC 
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
people 
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
cooks 
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
sushi rolls 
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
prices dinner menu to sit take out 
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
staff food place 
my picks are :  - Scallion Pancake  ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty )   - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style  ( one of my personal favorites )   - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish  ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
Scallion Pancake vegetable juice Guizhou Chicken Shredded Squid Family Style Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab Shuizhu Fish Sichuan food 
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
spinach mushroom calzone canned vegetables 
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
food 
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
Blue Point oysters beer glass of wine 
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
noodle dishes Green Curry dish 
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
prices 
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
service food 
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
atmoshere 
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
spicy tuna roll rock shrimp tempura appetizer 
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
staff 
Great staff .
staff 
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12-$ 15 per meal , I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
cost meal seat 
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
dessert White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate dinner 
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
banana tower dessert 
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
atmosphere dishes service 
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
place drinks desserts 
Great vibe , lots of people .
vibe 
I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
food food 
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
service dinner table 
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
icing on the cake tiramisu 
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
food prices 
Wine list is not huge but def well selected .
Wine list 
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
bar food beer 
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
specials 
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
ambience service 
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
french cuisine portions 
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
Drinks 
The one vegetarian entree  ( Abby 's treasure )  was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
vegetarian entree Abby's treasure wintermelon assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables 
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just cannot go wrong .
dumplings 
But the pizza is way to expensive .
pizza 
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot ! ! ! !
staff 
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
Steak au Poivre Onglet 
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
Service prices reputation 
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .
meal 
Good drink .
drink 
Great food  ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry )  , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
food spinach and corn dumplings service bathroom massamman curry 
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week .
dinner 
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
ceiling dinner 
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
chow fun and chow see 
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
table reservation seated 
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
pita naan 
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
menu oysters 
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . ! !
grilled cheese 
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
doors 
Great service , great food .
service food 
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .
food 
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
food service service good 
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
waitress check 
In summer-eat outside on a terrace  ( another great feature of Suan )  ! ! !
terrace 
It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar . . .
design drinks food bar 
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
bar 
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
seafood place 
Good , fast service .
service 
They charge different prices all the time .
prices 
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
service 
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
cheese menu 
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
atmoshere 
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
Japanese cuisine 
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
food appetizers 
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
Jazz bands 
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
hostess wait table 
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait  ( shortly I might add )  .
servers 
The service was ok .
service 
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
dish 
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
tables 
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
staff ambiance food 
The food was delicious  ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak )  , and the service was top-notch .
food halibut special steak service 
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
manager bill 
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
japanese comfort food 
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
half price sushi deal 
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
reservation seated 
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
appetizer platter 
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
staff 
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
dress codes attitudes place 
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
pieces of sushi 
Even the pasta is delicious here  ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants )  .
pasta 
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
menu dumplings appetizer 
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
jewish deli food 
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
manager 
now if they could only get a toaster .
toaster 
When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars  ( a growing legion )  and checking on newcomers .
Neapolitan pizza zucchini blossoms 
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
Wait staff pie 
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
ingredients crust slice 
Fish is so very fresh .
Fish 
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
prices service food 
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
Vietnamese classics 
less wait time for me !
wait time 
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
decor 
Having discovered Ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
fish tanks 
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
owner 
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
pizza 
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
beef noodle soup dishes menu 
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
cream cheeses salads 
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
lobster sandwich spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp 
The food was authentic .
food 
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
dim sum prices 
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce dish dishes 
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
Japanese food 
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
Chicken Teriyaki dish chicken 
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10 :15pm .
reservations 
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
Pam's special fried fish 
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
service 
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
New England Chowder Lobster Bisque 
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
pizzas 
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
sushi 
Not enough wines by the glass either .
wines by the glass 
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
duck breast special 
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
food 
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
french indian fusion dishes 
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
seat bar 
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
food 
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
wait 
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
fried shrimp 
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .
food 
The service is awful--the last time I was there  ( and I do mean the last time )  we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
service table 
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
appetizer cheese fondue 
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table  ( even though we had reservations )  .
table reservations 
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
manager reservation bar wait 
Try the green curry ! ! !
green curry 
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
scallops appetizer sauce 
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
service reservation 
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys  ( masaman , green , red )  are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
seat currys (masaman, green, red) flavor 
The food there are sastifying .
food 
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
dinner drinks 
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
bar beers wines priced 
Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend  ( interesting , but . . . )  .
reservations 
The food was good .
food 
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
wine selection Gigondas house champagne price 
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
music 
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
fish 
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
yellowfun tuna mussel selection 
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .
bagel 
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
scenery dinner reservations 
The place was nice and calm .
place 
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
Cheese plate 
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
glasses of water 
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
service 
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
servers 
Service is average .
Service 
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza  ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual )  .
Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual) specials 
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
sandwich plastic forks pita hummus platter 
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
steak fish sushi 
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
pizza 
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
service staff 
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
cocktails decor sushi 
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
apple tarte tatin dinner 
The buffet had a nice selection .
buffet selection 
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Waitstaff 
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Service food 
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
chocolate 
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
food service ambience 
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
SHOWS ACTORS 
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
New York Bagel 
service was efficient courteous .
service 
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
miso soup fish flavor 
They are the best bagels I 've had .
bagels 
I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
ambience food 
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
space 
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
filets sides appetizer drinks 
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
prices portions 
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
location meal 
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the PAST !
dinner 
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
spot 
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
menu food Prix Fixe 
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
wine list 
We had the most wonderful waitress .
waitress 
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
staff 
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
quail pastas flavor 
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
zucchini mashed potatoes garlic butter 
The staff is courteous and friendly .
staff 
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
Decor service 
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
service food drinks 
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . .  .
Spicy Scallop roll 
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
Indian dining experience 
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
Pub atmosphere 
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19 .95 !
sushi 
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
workers order 
The specials are usually quite good too .
specials 
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
desserts mixed drinks snack foods 
Try the chocolate mud cake  ( warmed )  with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
chocolate mud cake (warmed) dulce de leche gelato 
Really cool stauff inside .
stauff 
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
classical furniture menu 
The best burger I have had in the Village .
burger 
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
menu 
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
cole slaw knish 
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5 :30 on a week night without reservations .
dinner reservations 
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
blond wood decor sake service 
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
wait 
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere  ( Anywhere )  .
money 
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
bagel eggs bagel 
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
glass of wine 
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous  ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$ * way )  .
wait staff 
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
atmosphere bagel 
Service was very good and warm .
Service 
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
chicken tikka-masala garlic naan dinner 
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
dinner setting 
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
Food view 
The food is nothing like its menu description .
food menu description 
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
Pad Se-Ew Chicken with Cashew Nuts 
It 's just O .K . pizza .
pizza 
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
food ambience 
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
service 
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
specials atmosphere French bistro fare 
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .
food 
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
Shabu-Shabu 
The food was absolutely horrible !
food 
Food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
Food 
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
dinner special 
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
food people with carts of food 
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
crackling calamari salad 
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19 .95 all you can eat .
sushi place 
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
group dinner 
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
Thai ice tea 
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky?
staff 
Drinks way over priced .
Drinks priced 
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
noise level guy 
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
food 
Moderate prices .
prices 
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
meals 
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
food 
Most importantly , food is excellent .
food 
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
roofdeck music 
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager  ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile )  truly cared about how we were doing .
manager 
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
service sesame crusted Salmon 
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
lunch 
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
food service 
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
crowd noise 
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
eats drinks setting 
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
service served 
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy  ( and the beautiful people of course )  and the food was surprising good !
atmosphere people food 
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
desserts drinks 
Waiters are slow but sweet .
Waiters 
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
dinner brunch lunch 
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
menu beef cubes chicken with chili and lemon grass 
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
music 
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
bread lamb chops meal 
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
service atmosphere 
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
beer 
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
noodles sugar dishes 
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .
Chicken Tikka Masala 
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
dumplings decor 
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
kitchen 
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
corned beef pastrami 
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
wait staff place 
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do . . .
hostess 
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
people 
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
plain slice toppings 
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
Service ambience 
Service is great , takeout is good too .
Service takeout 
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
pizza 
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
menu view 
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
quality of food 
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too . . .
fish tanks 
Its worth the wait though .
wait 
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
service fish 
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
live jazz band atmosphere Lobster Cobb Salad 
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
tea room 
What an amazing meal and experience !
meal 
Unique apppetizers .
apppetizers 
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
staff 
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
dinner 
Also , the sandwiches  ( nearing $ 7 )  did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
sandwiches chips side 
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek  ( for Chinatown )  alternative .
wait dim sum dim sum atmosphere tables 
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
money indian food 
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
service decor 
The Thai food is good .
Thai food 
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
selection of wine seafood 
Acceptable prices .
prices 
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
sushi bar 
As I made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
taste 
Definitely not worth the price !
price 
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
French food service 
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
table 
Great food at reasonable prices .
food prices 
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
Salads meal 
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
tamarind duck noodles with ground beef dishes Thai flavors 
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
view 
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
prices entree dinner lunch 
and you ca n't beat the prices .
prices 
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
cuisine 
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
black cod with yuzu sauce 
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Prices 
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
spot 
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
wait reservations 
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
bread salad service food wait 
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
pizza sicilian 
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Downstairs lounge 
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
menu prices quality portion size 
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
food service 
 ( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter )  We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
food busboy waiter cheese pasta water and wine glasses wine meal 
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
takeout 
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
food sauces 
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
prix fixe meal 
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive .
ambiance night scene spot 
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
expresso 
Again , the waitress was awesome .
waitress 
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
shows actors 
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
service food hot sauce meals 
The food was just OK , I would never go back .
food 
Zero ambiance to boot .
ambiance 
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
service dining 
i recommend the thai popcorn  : ) 
thai popcorn 
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
drinks decor food 
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
chef check 
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
parathas kebabs 
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
tuna wasabe potatoes 
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night  ( for the coat check girls )  .
coat check girls coat check girls 
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
food 
Ummm . . .the beer was cold .
beer 
We had great desserts  ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had )  and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
desserts cannoli after dinner drink 
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
outdoor seating vibe 
Even with the prix fixe pricing , this restaurant is not worth it .
prix fixe pricing 
We asked to be moved  ( which took half an hour )  , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
room area 
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
owners 
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
ambiance 
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
tanks tanks dim sum brunch 
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so  ( do n't waste any of your calories )  and service was poor .
Halibut dessert service 
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
view food 
The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
place food 
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
bagels cream cheese 
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
food service 
It is also extremely well priced .
priced 
Always great service !
service 
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
food 
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
chicken casserole chicken meat 
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
mezzanine 
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
Valentines Day dinner 
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
jelly fish drunken chicken soupy dumplings stir fry blue crab 
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
SHOWS 
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
dumplings meal dumpling menu 
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
aesthetics place 
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
box wine 
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
food 
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
fish staff sushi chef 
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
food service 
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
pizza atmoshpere 
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats  ,except at Taj Mahal .
seats 
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
roll menu 
Good food .
food 
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
rolls sashimi 
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before .
pesto pizza Italian cheese thin-crust pizza 
try the spicy shrimp appetizer  ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price )  and the lamb vindaloo is great .
shrimp appetizer price lamb vindaloo 
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
ambience food 
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Food wait 
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
dinners 
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
beef 
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
spices onions eggs roti 
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
food price 
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
table 
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
menu potato pancakes 
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
fried dumpling 
The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
staff service 
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
primi secondi portions 
I 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
employees dining area 
Delicious crab cakes too .
crab cakes 
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
dining experience 
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
service staff 
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
waiter 
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
bruschetta panini 
Food was okay , nothing great .
Food 
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
waitress 
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
wait 
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .
Sichuan chef 
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
spicy tuna roll serving nori 
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
patio 
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
Pastrami portion 
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .
food 
go here for the drinks !
drinks 
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
courses chocolate sampler dessert wine 
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
Butter white wine cheese 
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
private room 
It cannot be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
ambience place aisle 
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course  ( other restaurants offer 3 choices )  and ended up ordering a la carte .
pre-fixe menu choices per course ordering a la carte 
Authentic Pakistani food .
Pakistani food 
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
staff chef 
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
eggplant parmesan baked ziti with meatsauce serves 
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
ingredients price 
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
Service 
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
hot pot with seafood shrimp squid entree crabmeat 
We began with the cheese fondue  ( the artisanal blend )  and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
cheese fondue kielbasa apples 
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
value lunch 
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
curry food 
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
food menu 
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
table seated 
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
white sauce Chinese food 
The bread is the soft paratha bread  ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta )  , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
bread paratha bread bread stuffing tandoori 
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I'm willing to overlook it .
Service prices delivery time pizza 
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
food food price food food food 
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
service decor food portions 
An excellent service
service 
The food however , is what one might expect .
food 
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice 
The pizza was really good .
pizza 
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
menu items 
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
Food 
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
place food 
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
food portion sizes 
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
Kosher dills sandwich 
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
shows dinner entertainment 
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
food waiters 
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
food wait 
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
bartender 
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
sushi Kamikaze Rolls 
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
Thai food 
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
mayonaisse food runners bill fries 
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
braised lamb shank in red wine special 
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines ,please check their wine list .
wines wine list 
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
waitstaff food 
Have the iced tea .
iced tea 
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon  ( wasnt impressed )  girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
salmon chicken servings entree 
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
salads lettuce 
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
ambience place 
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
bar tables waiter bartender atmosphere 
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
food price fried dumplings 
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
prices 
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
Obv caviar menu 
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
dishes 
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
food dining experiences 
I 've waited over one hour for food .
food 
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
pizza santa fe chopped salad fish and chips 
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
ambience 
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
service 
not only does make the best pizza in NY  , maybe anywhere .
pizza 
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
Tuna roll price range 
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
Price fish quality 
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
waiter 
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
place dishes wine atmosphere served 
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
comfort food 
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
ingredients technique lunch dinner 
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
pastrami sandwich 
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room  ( no matter what the size of your party )  , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
table atomosphere room spot 
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
fish rice 
Considering their price of $ 6 .25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
price dish lunch special 
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food  ( all fast foods in my opinion )  .
Indian Fast Food 
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
service money tip 
The wine list is also really nice .
wine list 
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat ! ! !
Service oysters price 
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
bagel 
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
italian food 
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
service 
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
prices atmosphere 
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
menu drinks 
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
atmosphere food 
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
food portions 
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
place place 
You have to increase the service a lot .
service 
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
Ambiance management 
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small  ( especially the appetizers )  , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer  ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing )  , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
portions appetizers appetizer main entree cold udon chef menu dish portions 
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
food rice 
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
sashimi portions 
After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !
main course waiter 
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3 .25 too .
snapple 
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
apps 
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
Service decor 
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these .
dosas popcorn topping 
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
service food 
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan .
scene customers 
After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
seafood 
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
ladies 
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
wait 
The food was very good , but not very thai .
food 
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
people serving food 
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
fillings dosa batter 
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
lunch dinner pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks spot 
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
mussaman curry fried tofu potato 
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
dinner 
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
food service atmosphere 
Their sake martini is wonderful .
sake martini 
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
place 
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
Gnochi 
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience ! ! !
dining 
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
service 
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
Bagels 
fine dining restaurant quality .
quality 
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
price 
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
lunch buffet 
The food was exceptional .
food 
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
rice dinner 
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
portions food 
 ( and I have eaten my share )  Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
serve 
Sure , the setting is nice .
setting 
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
service food prices 
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$ 55 .00 , not including tip .
appetizer entrees cokes bill 
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
drumsticks over rice sour spicy soup 
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70+ with only one selection listed at $ 30+ .
wines 
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo .
whitefish salad whitefish mayo 
And it all comes at a very reasonable price  ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each )  .
price congee noodles rice dishes 
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
chicken parm chicken with portobello mushrooms chicken tomato sauce pasta sauce 
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
meal 
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit .
waitresses counter service 
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
staff member bar guy 
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
food prices 
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
service 
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
staff 
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
upstairs 
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
red curry pad thai rice seafood 
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
wine list meal priced 
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
Saul 
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
food 
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
appetizers 
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR  ( Quality to Price Ratio )  .
Price Quality 
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
table dinner 
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
pad penang 
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
food walls 
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
flavors 
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !
people 
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
hanger steak tuna 
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city  ( Seattle )  , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
pizza 
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
lunch food 
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
food food 
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
food quasi-thai 
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
salad fast food 
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
bar 
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a  'special' bagel experience .
bagels bagel 
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
bagels 
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
barebecued salmon 
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St . Marks and 1st Ave .
owner 
What generous portions !
portions 
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese  ( gets a little messy )  .
workers bagel cream cheese 
The wine the service was very good too .
wine service 
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
menu 
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
chai tea 
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
food 
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
Spicy Tuna hand rolls 
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
food ambiance decor 
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
atmosphere 
The meat dishes were only so-so .
meat dishes 
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
hostess atmosphere 
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
menu brassiere food 
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
food quality 
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
atmosphere 
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
Manager 
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
staff 
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
service food atmosphere 
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
service server 
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course .
prix fix three course meal glasses of wine course 
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
water 
The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
service place 
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
sushi 
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
pizza 
Great value for the quality ingredients .
ingredients 
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14 .95 .
Thali 
The sushi is also great !
sushi 
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
chef app delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce buttery and tender langostine entree dessert Cakebread Cabernet 
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
waiter 
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
food 
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
cheesecake pastries 
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
staff bar drinks menu 
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland .
makhani korma 
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
food 
though the service could be better  ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house )  , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
service 
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
decor place 
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
place 
The lox is always fresh too .
lox 
Service was very friendly .
Service 
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
thai food 
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
Food fish 
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
chinese food 
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
foie gras terrine with figs duck confit 
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
staff 
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely .
service 
The staff offers impeccable service .
staff service 
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun  ( dessert )  recommended by the waiter .
Gulab Jamun (dessert) waiter 
This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
price freshness value quality 
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
place 
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather )  has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
food wine prices 
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
brioche and lollies meal 
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties  ( multiples of 2 and higher )  seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
2-person table 
And the bill was outragous .
bill 
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
service food wine list priced 
Kind , attentive wait staff .
wait staff 
Salads were fantastic .
Salads 
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
owners employees pizza 
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
food mussels in spicy tomato sauce fries 
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
food 
skip dessert .
dessert 
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
bagel 
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
servers 
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
service ambience 
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2 .50 .
case of snapple 
It 's all about the food  ! !
food 
Fast service .
service 
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
staff bar 
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
chicken beef lamb dishes 
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
service food 
We a menu that rearely changes ,e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
quality care food specials 
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
decor 
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
priced 
Bottom line : B+ for the food , F for the service .
food service 
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
waiters 
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
noodles dimsum 
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
service view 
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
staff 
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
food atmosphere 
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
food 
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
prices 
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
dinner 
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
soup pepper 
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
sushimi cucumber roll 
The food is delicious .
food 
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
wines by the glass wine 
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
place ambience staff 
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
salt 
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
sushi 
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai  ( more modern and sleek )  .
atmosphere 
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
food service 
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
bagels 
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
dinner 
Service is fast and friendly .
Service 
from an English speaking staff .
staff 
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
potato chips bar 
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
portions 
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
table 
We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
pasta entre'es 
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had  ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat )  .
steak butter flavor meat 
The food was boring and expensive .
food 
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
ambience lunch 
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
menu rolls dishes 
The service is ok but could be better .
service 
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
food drinks atmosphere 
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
customer service 
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
place oyster Fish 
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
maitre d' 
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar  ( chef Yoshi )  and ordered everything ala carte .
sushi bar chef ala carte 
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
vibe service food 
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
table 
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
quality 
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
service atmosphere 
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
bagels 
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
Pad See Ew Pork Chops Tofu plates 
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3 .00 in NYC .
taste quantity 
this is the best secret place in midtown' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food  (  try steak with portobello mushrooms )  and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
bartender food drinks steak with portobello mushrooms bar 
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
service 
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
main course portion 
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
reservation cocktails surroundings 
Waitstaff is great , very attentive .
Waitstaff 
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
dinner menu 
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .
CUISINE 
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
Indian food 
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
dishes 
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise  ( which is n't actually that bad )  , I mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic?
wait noise rush 
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
bill 
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze  ( they told me that if I call in the order , they'd bring it out to the car so I would n't have to look for parking )  .
bagels 
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
spot 
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel .
service delivery 
The $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
bill 
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
bar bartender service ambiance 
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
calamari sauce duck noodles 
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
martinis 
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
comfort food portions 
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
rolls menu avocado rice 
We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
drink refills dessert 
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
bagels priced 
If you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
business dinner table 
Decor leaves something to be desired .
Decor 
Also , specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you do n't .
food 
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
waiter place prices food 
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge  ( although they have more funky toppings ! ) 
toppings 
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60 .00  ( have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more )  I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
place Meal LOBSTER TAILS 
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse desserts 
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
Pho Lemon grass chicken Beef Cube on rice 
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
portraits 
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts ,  ( WOW )  you 'll need no more .
food appitizers main course desserts 
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
fish curry sauce 
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz 's Deli down on the Lower East Side .
deli 
Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good  .  .
pork buns 
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
Thai food delivery 
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
space drink 
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
place 
Joe 's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
slice 
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
dessert 
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
reservation 
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
food pastas pizza 
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
Food 
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
Lobster Bisque Maine Lobster 
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Pad Thai prices 
Food is great and inexpensive .
Food 
The price very reasonable .
price 
Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room ! ! !
Dessert 
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
food 
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
Ingredients 
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
food 
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
cuisine prices 
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
staff ambience food 
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
ingrediants cuisine food 
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
Pizza wine service backyard dining area 
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
waiters food bill 
The service was superb , they treat you like family .
service 
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
menu food 
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
table 
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
menu 
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
rice RICE 
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato  ( with espresso )  , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .
chocolate cake vanilla gelato (with espresso) dessert 
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments  ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms )  .
surroundings dining rooms 
We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
reservation table 
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .The
reservation 
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
dining 
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
staff 
The flavors robust and subtle .
flavors 
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
oysters quality 
I would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not THAT great .
table 
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
tiramisu chocolate cake 
The counter service is bad .
counter service 
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Service food 
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
place 
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
sauce crust 
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .
dinner brunch 
You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
decore food 
They have some great entrees here as well .
entrees 
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
service 
The food , served in small tasting portions  ( as an option )  is very good with each dish being better than the next .
food served portions dish 
They do cater to American palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige !
cater 
I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
mango chicken presentation 
I care more about the food and ambience .
food ambience 
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks  ( which were also delightfully overpriced )  .
drinks 
The service is fantastic .
service 
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
garlic mashed potatoes 
Food and service was okay .
Food service 
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
lamb meat 
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
pad thai 
Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
food quality service 
Great pizza and fantastic service .
pizza service 
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
waiter red wine hot tea outside 
i would just ask for no oil next time .
oil 
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .
place food 
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
lunch 
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
wine list desserts 
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .
Lassi 
Their coffee is quite good too !
coffee 
great wine list  ( italian )  , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
wine list food service 
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
space tables 
As far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
service waitresses 
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
place 
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
dish 
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
host 
Taxan delicious !
Taxan 
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion  ( and price )  .
sandwiches price portion 
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .
Southern Indian cuisine 
Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
place 
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
salad 
For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
tip 
Killer Sushi !
Sushi 
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
food 
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
Staffs taste 
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
jukebox 
Plus they made a perfect martini .
martini 
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch .
food 
I 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
cuisine 
The waiter was attentive .
waiter 
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !
Margarita 
The tastes makes your mouth water for more .
tastes 
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
sake list Purple Haze 
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
tables menu wine list 
The food was actually aweful .
food 
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
appetizer portions served lunch 
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
space decor dinner 
We went around 9 :30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
service 
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
Steak 
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
rice sushi seasoning 
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
sushi menu Japanese classic cuisine 
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
sushi prices 
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
spinach Shanghai low mein 
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
Owner 
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
service 
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
dim sum orders 
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
dumpling 
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
wine menu entree horedevous 
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
food owner 
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
waiters owners 
And the food was fantastic .
food 
If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls  ( hot )  .
drink hong-kong styled milk tea with tapioca pearls (hot) 
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro  ( Fatty Tuna )  , Sea Eel , etc .
chef assortment of fish Fatty Yellow Tail Boton Shrimp Sea Eel Sea Urchin Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna) 
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
owner 
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
room plate 
I 've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place  ( except in a really bad dream )  .
waterbugs 
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
crew staff serving 
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
ambiance food dishes eggplant parmesan veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca 
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
host appetizers waiter 
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
chutneys 
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
bar mixed drink special 
If it is n't for the food  ( A+++ )  , it must be the service or the ambience .
food service ambience 
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
chef staff 
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
ambience 
Overall , not worth the money .
money 
This place is not worth the prices .
prices 
We left after one drink .
drink 
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
bagels 
You are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in Bay Ridge .
atmosphere 
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
waiting area seat bar wait 
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
food flavor dish spice 
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
fried dumplings 
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
BBQ ribs 
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
waiters 
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
decor 
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
Argentinian Pizza lunch Pelligrino pizza goat cheese blue cheese 
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
kamasutra bombay cosmopolitan 
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
date spot 
The dim sum here is only so-so .
dim sum 
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
food 
Just straight up cheap , good food .
food 
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
Seating 
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70 .00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
cost botle of wine 
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
Service people 
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
steak sauce 
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
staff food atmosphere 
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not  ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry )  .
food steak dish 
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
menu 
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
staff sushi check dinner bar 
As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
food spot 
The bagel was huge .
bagel 
Get the tuna of gari .
tuna 
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
somosas chai chole dhosas dhal 
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
prices 
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
staff bathroom 
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
service 
Service- friendly and attentive .
Service 
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
Service 
Great food , great decor , great service .
food decor service 
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
tables space 
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
palak paneer malai kofta 
I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
dining price 
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
service 
There was no ambiance .
ambiance 
Save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to Margharita 's on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
food service 
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
service dish spring rolls cod with pineapple tempura 
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
bottle waitress price 
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
sushi sauce topping 
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
taste 
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
service place 
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
service food 
Service was also very good .
Service 
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
meal 
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
portions qualities 
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
food 
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
atmosphere music dress cod 
love the food .
food 
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
candles dinner surrounding pictures 
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
desserts 
There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
sake 
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
place 
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Reuben sandwich 
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
place 
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
strawberry daiquiries 
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
dinner 
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating  ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud )  .
sushi wait service atmosphere area 
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
Frites 
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
zen feel 
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
drink bar wait time 
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork 
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
table rice congee soup 
Overall , the best bagel in town .
bagel 
Light , refreshing summer rolls  ( not fried )  remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
summer rolls 
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
sushi 
but the service was a bit slow .
service 
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Spreads toppings 
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
pizza 
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
plates 
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
Indoor 
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
brunch mimosas 
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
prices prices food service 
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
service food 
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
service 
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
drinks dinner spot 
Just stick with the small dishes !
dishes 
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
cafe outdoor chairs tables service 
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .
staff 
Food is excellent .
Food 
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
salads lettuce walnuts 
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6 .95 .
lunch buffet 
If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
cuisine 
both are very reasonably priced  ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch )  , and are delicious and filling .
priced dinner lunch 
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
Ambience 
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
portion sizes sushi 
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
tuna 
This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
menu pad thai tom yum soup 
Good food at the restaurant  ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date )  .
food 
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
caviar service 
You ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .
food 
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
food 
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
wait 
great eats , good times .
eats 
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
fish 
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
Tuscan cuisine Neapolitan fare 
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
entrees summer rolls owner 
The service was great as well .
service 
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
lobster teriyaki rose special roll 
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
entrees 
The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
food atmosphere 
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
place 
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
food service value 
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
foods 
The food is definitely good , but I left a bit disappointed .
food 
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
glass of wine glass of beer dinner 
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
drinks service staff 
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
delivery guys 
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
staff 
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
prices food 
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas .
Tamarind Margaritas 
The filet mignon dish was superb !
filet mignon dish 
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
food getting a table 
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
place 
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
food 
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !
food 
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
pastrami on challah sandwich soups knishes 
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
atmosphere 
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
atomosphere tables 
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
beer 
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi  ( on saffron risotto-yum ! )  .
scallops mahi mahi (on saffron risotto 
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
ambience prices food 
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
Go Go Hamburgers 
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
sandwhiches 
If you live in Upper Manhattan , Siam Square is THE place for Thia food .
Thia food 
Decor is charming .
Decor 
The food was very well prepared .
food 
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
spring rolls noodles price 
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
dim sum food portions dishes dish 
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
drinks bars drinks 
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
stuff waiter dessert staff 
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
food 
If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
pre-theatre menu 
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
seafood vegetables portion size 
The prices cannot be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
prices quality quantity freshness taste 
Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
stomach wallet 
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
Gnochi 
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
SERVICE FOOD QUALITY PRICES 
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
meal 
I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore .
line 
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
dinner specials priced 
Horrible food and Horrible service .
food service 
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
wine cheese fondue table grilling 
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
food 
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
exotic salad green salad sweet basil fried tofu peanut sauce 
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
TOASTING 
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
food garden place 
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
service 
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
food waiter wine meal 
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
chicken steak lamb sandwhich 
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
dim sum dish 
No you 're going to go back because the food was good .
food 
The food was great and the service was even better .
food service 
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
rice entrees 
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
Traditional French decour hall 
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef  ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt )  .
fish sushi chef wasabi soy sauce sea salt 
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them .
burgers 
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
cheeseburgers 
I really recommend the very simple Unda  ( Egg )  rolls .
Unda (Egg) rolls 
Very good wine choices .
wine choices 
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
Jazz 
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
waitstaff 
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
lazy susans tables 
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
tuna 
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
steak pork loin 
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
table wait 
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
setting service 
The burger was great , also .
burger 
they did give a 15% discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
discount service 
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
portions food 
The pizza was great .
pizza 
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty  ( could 've used a bit more salt )  .
Edamame pureed 
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
service 
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
specials 
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
price appetizers food 
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
vegetarian dishes non-veg selections 
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
owner 
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
sushi place 
I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
lunch wait 
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
food dinners 
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5 .99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
food service atmosphere lunch buffet dinner lunch 
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
appetizers shrimp fritters dumplings 
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
people food 
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
spot lights 
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka  ( also available without vodka . ) 
Times Square cocktail ginger lemonade with vodka 
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Veal Parmigana 
Great wine , great food .
wine food 
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
service air conditioning meal 
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
food staff 
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza  ( as I love La Pizza Fresca )  .
pizza 
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
sushi 
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
food price decor 
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
sichuan cooking chongqing hotpot 
Our tiny table for two  ( dinner plates hung over edge )  was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
table waiter traffic dinner plates 
Sake collection was excellent  ( Try Nanbu Bijin )  , but pricy .
Sake collection Nanbu Bijin 
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
dishes chicken in curry sauc salmon caserole 
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
Angry Lobster cold lobster salad 
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
bartender 
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
service crab-cake eggs benedict 
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
decor bathrooms 
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
location prices 
A wonderful place !
place 
Service was on par but not wonderful .
Service 
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
Deliveries prices 
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
place 
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
hot dogs menu 
I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
chicken with garlic sauce chicken with black bean sauce hunan chicken 
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
take-out pies crust 
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
dish beef 
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
bannan fritter served 
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
rice water 
This place is always very crowded and popular .
place 
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
Appetizers main dishes 
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine 's dinner .
dinner 
I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
food atmosphere 
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
mascarpone with chocolate chip 
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
manager table 
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
appetizers 
I 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
pizza caprese salad appetizer 
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
meal 
I was n't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .
Half-Price Saturday Night Special 
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
food value 
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
selection basic dishes 
Get the soup and a nosh  ( pastrami sandwich )  for $ 8 and you 're golden .
soup nosh (pastrami sandwich) 
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind .
lunch 
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
Christmas dinner 
I grew up on these bagels .
bagels 
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
table 
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
reservations 
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
hostess busboy table 
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toninos .
pizza 
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
dinosaur rolls white tuna sashimi 
I'm partial to the Gnocchi .
Gnocchi 
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion .
reservation 
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
beer 
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
bar 
The service was typical short-order , dinner type .
service 
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
bottle of sake edamames sushi plate sashimi 
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
cheese sticks 
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
appetizers dim sum foods food 
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
table pot of boiling water meats vegetables rice glass noodles 
